Mention UI and tctl commands in Readme (#35)
temporalio/cli: README.md

> > ⚠️ This project is experimental and not suitable for production use. ⚠️

Reviewer: I wouldn’t call this experimental any more, let’s change this to say that the api is still unstable.

> > ⚠️ This project is experimental and not suitable for production use. ⚠️

Author: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Temporal CLI's API is still a subject for changes. ⚠️
```

Reviewer 2: "The APIs used by Temporal CLI are subject to change."

Or, if the warning should be a bit stronger, "Be aware that the APIs used by Temporal CLI are subject to change."

Reviewer 3: @djmagee  I think the CLI command names/format is the "API" that Roey/Ruslan are talking about.

> Temporal CLI is a single-process binary that integrates Temporal Server and UI suitable for development purposes. It also includes commands helpful for operating on Namespaces, Workflows, and other Temporal entities. 

Author: ```suggestion
Temporal CLI is a single-process binary that integrates the Temporal Server and UI suitable for development purposes. It also includes commands helpful for operating on Namespaces, Workflows, and other Temporal entities. 
```

> Temporal CLI is a single-process binary that integrates the Temporal Server and UI suitable for development purposes. It also includes commands helpful for operating on Namespaces, Workflows, and other Temporal entities. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Temporal CLI is a command-line interface for running Temporal Server and interacting with Workflows, Activities, Namespaces, and other parts of Temporal.
```

I think "single-process binary" is just relevant to people who are familiar with the old tools. I think it makes sense to craft our messaging for new users.

> Temporal CLI is a distribution of [Temporal](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal), [UI](https://github.com/temporalio/ui) and that runs as a single process with zero runtime dependencies. Temporal CLI includes commands to operate on namespaces, workflows etc..

Reviewer: This reads weird

> Temporal CLI is a distribution of [Temporal](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal), [UI](https://github.com/temporalio/ui) and that runs as a single process with zero runtime dependencies. Temporal CLI includes commands to operate on namespaces, workflows etc..

Author: ```suggestion
Temporal CLI is a single process binary that integrates Temporal server and UI suitable for development purposes. Additionally it includes commands helpful for operating on namespaces, workflows etc.. 
```

> Temporal CLI is a distribution of [Temporal](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal), [UI](https://github.com/temporalio/ui) and that runs as a single process with zero runtime dependencies. Temporal CLI includes commands to operate on namespaces, workflows etc..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Temporal CLI is a single-process binary that integrates Temporal Server and UI suitable for development purposes. It also includes commands helpful for operating on Namespaces, Workflows, and other Temporal entities. 
```

Reviewer 4: "the Temporal Server" ?

> Temporal CLI is a distribution of [Temporal](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal), [UI](https://github.com/temporalio/ui) and that runs as a single process with zero runtime dependencies. Temporal CLI additionally includes commands to operate on namespaces, workflows etc..

Author: ```suggestion
Temporal CLI is a distribution of [Temporal](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal), [UI](https://github.com/temporalio/ui) and that runs as a single process with zero runtime dependencies. Temporal CLI includes commands to operate on namespaces, workflows etc..
```
